Hey, Manpreet.
Hi, how are you, Mr. Paul?
Are you available now?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Thanks for calling back.
Yeah, just give me a second to kind of open up your account again.
So, yeah, it looks like self-install is available at your address, right?
What is available?
Self-install.
So I will be able to give you more bill credits that way instead of calling a technician.
If I roll out a technician, they'll be charging you $200, right?
So I prefer to kind of give you more bill credits to work with to use towards your first bill, right?
Okay.
Did you find out like when you're going to be canceling the services with Rogers or wherever you're using it now?
I just put a request for next Tuesday.
next tuesday okay okay next tuesday sweet sweet um so remember um what we were talking about last time uh for the one gigabyte of internet it was 68 dollars uh would you be uh wanting to go forward with that the same same price and same deal right okay yeah i i can promise you it's the best one we have we have right now so it's a cheap one i'd probably
i only have one concern can i have the billing under the business name or it needs to be under the person's name um oh like a business name um for this since it's residential it does have to be under uh like your your your uh yeah exactly your name okay okay
But yeah, I really appreciate getting the internet from me.
It really helped me in my workplace.
Let's see.
It's a little slow today.
I work with the bank, so I know what target means.
Oh, yeah.
Thank you.
Where do you work, may I ask?
I work in a credit union.
It's a service credit union.
oh okay okay interesting so what self install means um it means we're going to be shipping out the modem to your like the wi-fi hub to your house and in the box it's gonna have all the instructions how to install everything um it's going to be pretty straightforward
And again, even if you do need help, you can always call customer service or tech supports and they will definitely guide you down the line if you do need help downloading it.
I mean, sorry, installing it.
And also there are videos online on the PELS website on how to install the Wi-Fi hub and everything, right?
So it should be very straightforward.
Okay.
Getting to the page two.
I'm going to activate the services.
Generally, when do you want to be using tele-internet?
So once you mail me, how long will it take for me to receive it?
So we do say that it takes three to five business days.
I think we are aware that Canada Post is...
I think they are on a strike right now.
So we will use other different methods to ship it out to you, right?
Either through like FedEx or Purolator, right?
If you ship today, maybe by the beginning of next week, I will receive it?
Most likely, or maybe the end of this week, right?
Maybe a Friday, because it is like three business days or so.
But yeah, so my experience of customers getting the Wi-Fi modems,
is when I signed them up on a Sunday, they gave me feedback that they got it on a Tuesday.
So it is fairly quick.
Okay.
So maybe I will be receiving it by 23rd.
Maybe let's activate on the 26th then.
26th?
Okay.
So since the self-install, right, it only shifts out starting from the actual install date.
I mean, like an activation date.
So I do have to activate it from today.
to actually ship out from today or tomorrow.
Is that okay?
Yeah, just ship it by today, that's fine.
Okay, yeah, sure.
Awesome.
Yeah, I just said I don't want you to be left without internet since you did set up a cancellation date next week, right?
So, yeah, I just had to kind of ship it out today as soon as possible.
And again, since I really appreciate you coming back to me, I did throw on $150 in credits.
So the installation and activation charge for the internet is $70.
But that $150 will cover that for sure, and you'll be left with $80 to use towards your first bills.
And if you have a little bit less, it'll just automatically apply to the second one.
Okay?
Okay, thank you.
No problem.
Okay, so...
The internet itself is going to be $73, and once you set up automatic payments on the MyTelus app, it'll give you automatic discounts of $5.
So that'll bring it down to $68.
Did you have any questions on how to download anything?
Since we're on the phone, I can definitely guide you down.
Oh, no, I'm okay.
Okay, perfect.
Yeah, you just have to download the MyTelus app and then log in.
The ID will be the email that you gave me last time.
It should be the Gmail one, I think.
Okay.
The ManpreCoreBrar at 399 at gmail.com, right?
Yeah.
Perfect, perfect.
All right.
Okay.
I just want to let you know, again, this is a recorded call since we are doing it over the phone.
Since we're not signing anything, I do have to have it recorded, our contract, right?
So I'm just going to go over it with you again.
We are getting the internet.
The service address will be Apartment Suites 4306, 240 Skyview Ranch Road Northeast.
Internet package that I'm getting you is the Gigabyte of Speed Pure Fiber Internet.
It's originally priced at $135, but all the discounts that I've applied, it's brought it down to $73.
And once you add the automatic payments, it'll be negative $5, so you get the price of $68.
I have given you $150 in bill credits.
So you're left with, after all the activation charges taken off of that, you're left with $80 to use towards your first or several bills.
And the activation date will be today so that the Wi-Fi hub will ship out right away.
I am expecting it to be arriving around Friday or around Monday if latest.
Okay?
Okay.
Alrighty, let me just go ahead and process that order.
Other than that, did you have any other questions for me?
Did you need any help signing off for other additional services?
No, no, I'm okay.
Awesome, okay.
I am also going to be sending a copy of this agreement to your email, so you have it on hand.
I just sent it.
Do you want to double check if you got it?
Yes, I did.
Perfect.
Yeah, that pretty much outlines everything.
Your account number, if you have to add it on the MyTelis, the confirmation number, the order number, and pretty much everything that I outlined just now over the phone should be on there.
Okay, sounds good.
Alrighty.
Yeah, so everything's processed pretty much, and I'm going to go ahead and push it through.
Did you have any other questions for me?
No, I'm okay.
Thank you so much for that.
Okay.
Again, Memphrey, thank you so much for calling back.
I really appreciate it.
If you do need help with other services or any services that you bought from me today, please do feel free to give me a call or come by the store, and I'll definitely help you out, okay?
For sure, no problem.
Thank you so much.
All righty.
Thank you.
Have a nice day.
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye.
