Hello.
Hello.
Hi, this is Amanda.
Sorry.
This is a casting calling from college.
I was just calling to go with some options you have on your account before it expires.
Do you have a few minutes to speak today to hear the promo?
Sorry?
Do you have a few minutes to speak today to hear the promos?
Yeah.
Okay, so currently right now we have some great deals if you're looking to get a new device you wanted to upgrade.
The S25 Samsung is on sale as well as the Flip 6 Samsung.
Our iPhone 16 and 15 is on sale as well, just base model.
You also qualify for streaming services, which include Netflix, Disney Plus, Amazon Prime.
You can save up to 21% off when you bundle it to your mobility.
So you get all three for the price of, like, maybe one if you're paying for streaming services already.
Plus you get a fourth one, complimentary, which is TELUS Films, which is, like, local shows that you can watch.
Right.
Okay.
Were you thinking of maybe upgrading your phone, adding a line, or interested in streaming services?
Yeah, I was thinking of upgrading my phone.
Pardon me?
Yeah, I was thinking of upgrading my phone.
Upgrading your phone.
What phone do you have right now?
I am currently having iPhone 11 Pro.
Which iPhone?
11 Pro.
11 Pro.
Were you looking for a Pro series?
Is the base model, like, good for you?
Yeah, basic model will work for me as well.
Okay.
Okay, let me tell you what's on sale between the newest models.
So iPhone 16 right now is $35.29, and iPhone 16 is $34.21.
So obviously the newer one is cheaper by around $2 to $1.
Yeah.
So in order to get a phone, though, you would have to change your plan, what I could do for you, minimum plan I can offer.
Yeah, I will tell you the complete price.
Give me one second.
So plan and phone included, 107.66.
So the plan is $65.
You get 100 GB, and the phone is $34.21.
With pass, 107.66.
That's way too much for me.
Okay.
No problem.
Well, we will have back-to-school deals in July or August.
So if you are...
thinking about maybe doing it then, you can give me a call back to check with prices and then we can go through there, okay?
Yeah, I will, okay.
Okay, have a good day, bye.
Thanks, bye.
